tools: add topology graph dump feature in tplgtool.py (#96)
thesofproject/sof-test: README.md

* sof-dump-status.py
<br> Dump the sound card status

> * sof-tplggraph.py

Author: In fact, we also have a tool named sof-tplgreader.py,  and it's also need some fix, but meanwhile we have to change some bash calling code of this tool. this topic is too far from this PR. maybe do this later.

<br> print all kernel versions and their line numbers from /var/log/kern.log, with the most recent <first/last>

* sof-disk-usage.sh

> <br> check current disk size for avoid system problem without enough space

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<br> check disk to ensure enough space is available to complete tasks successfully.
```

Author: totally agree here
